Updated Join the Community section to point to website for information (#282)
k14s/ytt: README.md

- Editor Extensions: [vscode syntax highlighting](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ewrenn.vscode-ytt)

### Join the Community and Make Carvel Better

> Carvel is better because of our contributors and maintainers. It is because of you that we can bring great software to the community. Please join us during our online community meetings. Details can be found on our [Carvel website](https://carvel.netlify.app/community/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carvel is better because of our contributors and maintainers. It is because of you that we can bring great software to the community. Please join us during our online community meetings. Details can be found on our [Carvel website](https://carvel.dev/community/).
```
